featureGate in Configmap instead of Deployment. And add helm value (#40)
antrea-io/website: content/docs/main/docs/antrea-ipam.md

To enable flexible IPAM, you need to enable the `AntreaIPAM` feature gate for
both `antrea-controller` and `antrea-agent`, and set the `enableBridgingMode`
configuration parameter of `antrea-agent` to `true`. The needed changes in the

> Antrea deployment YAML are:

Reviewer: "the Antrea deployment YAML" here means the manifest YAML used to deploy Antrea, not the antrea-controller deployment resource. But it's good to make it more specific.

> configuration parameter of `antrea-agent` to `true`. when antrea was installed 
> by helm, just simplily modify the helm chart `values.yaml` to set:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
configuration parameter of `antrea-agent` to `true`. When Antrea is installed 
by helm, just simply modify the helm chart `values.yaml` to set:
```

-  `enableBridgingMode: true`

> -  `featureGates: {AntreaIPAM}`

Reviewer: I think the values need to be a map: {AntreaIPAM: true}

-  `trafficEncapMode: "noEncap"`
-  `noSNAT: true`

> Failed to validate: failed to validate AntreaIPAM config: Bridging mode requires noSNAT

Reviewer: mispasted?

> Otherwise, the needed changes in the Antrea configmap `antrea-config` YAML are:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Otherwise, the needed changes in the Antrea ConfigMap `antrea-config` are:
```

    ...
```

> 

Reviewer: unneeded change
